README.md, before:

# 🐝 Beelines Sample Project

> Get buzzing with the Beelines AI SDK! 🚀

## 🎯 What's This?

This is a super-simple starter project showing you how to use the Beelines AI SDK. Think of it as your first step into the fascinating world of AI agent development!

## ✨ Features

- 🔌 Basic SDK setup and configuration
- 🤖 Query AI agent data
- 🎭 Work with personality traits
- 📚 Manage semantic knowledge
- 👥 Handle groups and audiences

## 🚀 Quick Start

1. **Clone this repo**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/beelinesai/sample-project
   cd sample-project
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   bun install
   ```

3. **Set up your environment**

   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

4. **Run the sample**
   ```bash
   bun start
   ```

## 🔑 Configuration

Make sure to set up your `.env` file with your Beelines API key:

```env
BEELINES_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
BEELINES_API_ENDPOINT=https://api.beelines.ai/graphql
```

## 📖 What Can You Do?

This sample project demonstrates the basics, but the Beelines SDK can do so much more! You can:

- 🎨 Create and manage AI agents
- 🧠 Add semantic knowledge to your agents
- 👤 Define agent personalities
- 📝 Work with message and post examples
- 👥 Manage groups and audiences

## 🛠️ Available Operations

The SDK supports a wide range of operations including:

- Agent management
- Developer operations
- Knowledge base interactions
- Personality trait management
- Group and audience handling

Check out the [Beelines Documentation](https://docs.beelines.ai) for the full API reference!

## 💡 Need Help?

- 📚 [Official Documentation](https://docs.beelines.ai)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/beelines)
- 🐦 [Twitter Updates](https://twitter.com/beelinesai)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙌 Contributing

Feel free to open issues and pull requests! We love community contributions!

---

Made with 💖 and 🐝 by the Beelines community

Commit message:

Add Beelines email configuration and improve agent creation output

README.md, after:

# 🐝 Beelines Sample Project

> Get buzzing with the Beelines AI SDK! 🚀

## 🎯 What's This?

This is a super-simple starter project showing you how to use the Beelines AI SDK. Think of it as your first step into the fascinating world of AI agent development!

## ✨ Features

- 🔌 Basic SDK setup and configuration
- 🤖 Query AI agent data
- 🎭 Work with personality traits
- 📚 Manage semantic knowledge
- 👥 Handle groups and audiences

## 🚀 Quick Start

1. **Clone this repo**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/beelinesai/sample-project
   cd sample-project
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   bun install
   ```

3. **Set up your environment**

   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

4. **Run the sample**
   ```bash
   bun start
   ```

## 🔑 Configuration

Make sure to set up your `.env` file with your Beelines API key and email:

```env
BEELINES_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
BEELINES_API_ENDPOINT=https://api.beelines.ai/graphql
BEELINES_EMAIL=your.email@example.com
```

## 📖 What Can You Do?

This sample project demonstrates the basics, but the Beelines SDK can do so much more! You can:

- 🎨 Create and manage AI agents
- 🧠 Add semantic knowledge to your agents
- 👤 Define agent personalities
- 📝 Work with message and post examples
- 👥 Manage groups and audiences

## 🛠️ Available Operations

The SDK supports a wide range of operations including:

- Agent management
- Developer operations
- Knowledge base interactions
- Personality trait management
- Group and audience handling

Check out the [Beelines Documentation](https://docs.beelines.ai) for the full API reference!

## 💡 Need Help?

- 📚 [Official Documentation](https://docs.beelines.ai)
- 💬 [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/beelines)
- 🐦 [Twitter Updates](https://twitter.com/beelinesai)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙌 Contributing

Feel free to open issues and pull requests! We love community contributions!

---

Made with 💖 and 🐝 by the Beelines community
